High in this video I'm going to talk a bit about day care functions.
I'm not going to go into details if you are interested in supporting actor machines.
There are lots of lots of articles and open courses from MIT and Princeton and you can take a look at
the concrete quadratic optimization related problems and so on.
But what's very important that we have this function is basically this fefe function defines the mapping
of the data X into another space.
For example in the higher dimensional space we dislike we're liable and we are usually interested in
in the cardinal function.
So we decay X Sabai and X sobbed J.
And basically the scandals function is the dot product of two three function.
So the function is basically the representation of the given vector in the outer space.
And what's very important that we are interested in the cardinal function which is the dot product of
two functions and it is a very very important concept that as far as the optimization is concerned the
optimization depends on the dot products only and we don't care about the concrete transformation we
just care about the dot product of two vectors Diffie X Y for example dorper that the three x sobbed
J.
So we are not interested in the concrete transformation that how we are going to map the data X into
a higher dimensional space.
We are just curious about the dot product between the two vectors in the outer space and this scandal
function defines the dot product of these two functions.
There are several cardinal functions the linear kernel function.
The polynomial can function.
And this is what we are going to use in Python to learn the radial daisies function.
Usually it's working very very fine.
So we have to apply it to two vectors basically.
And it is going to define this transformation and it is called the Gaussian already obeys its function
cannel.
So support vector machines with nonlinear Cardinals odd additional dimensions to the data in order to
create separation in this way.
We have the cardinal trick.
It is the fundamental basis for of actor machines is the process of our new features that express mathematical
relationships between measured characteristics.
This allows the support vector machine to learn concepts that were not explicitly measured in the original
data set.
Of course there are some advantages as well as some disadvantages for support back to the machines.
The advantages are that supporting actor or machine can be used for expression problems as valid for
classification.
Basically we can use support back to the machine algorithm to what ever problem we want.
It is not overly influenced by noisy data and it's easier to use than our own that works.
What are the disadvantages.
Finding the best model requires testing of various combinations of cameleers and model parameters.
What are the model parameters for example of that see cost parameter that we have discussed in the non-linear
model or for example the camel itself.
We have been discussing that there are several caravels linear Cannell polynomial Cannell already are
Basie's function can land so one we have 8:02 that was the best fit for our model.
It is quite slow especially when the input data set has a large number of features.
And what's very important that support vector machine is a black box model.
It's very very hard to understand.
For example cany less neighbor.
It is a very simple algorithm and it's quite easy to comprehend.
It's what's happening in the background.
For supper it's back to the machines.
It's not that easy to get the fundamental basics behind support back to our machines.
So that's all about the advantages and disadvantages.
Thanks for watching.